And this course, we will going to understand the concepts related to implementation and designing a
good library, so for that purpose, we will going to implement our own library called Public Library.
So to start with, you can download the source code from this.
You are then using Git Clone Command.
And inside this directory, please go inside the directory.
Live File Organization.
So you can see that I am already in this directory that is live fire organization, and in this directory
you will find a lot at Andeel, a lot of wine.
So let's see what is there and deal a lot at file stands for Double-dealing List.
And on the right hand side, I am opening the file, the alleged doxy that this source while.
So you can see that I have a source file on the right hand side and header a file on the left hand side,
so we were going to implement that list as a library in discourse.
So you can see that in the header file.
On the left hand side, I have the structure definitions defined.
The FUSA structure defines the node of a list and the second structure defines the list itself.
So of course the list needs to have a pointer to the head of a list.
Right.
So this is not the structure definitions.
And because this is structure, definitions needs to be shared across several source files which Rishi's
which wishes to make use of linked lists utility.
Therefore, these structure definitions needs to be specified in the file.
Now, related to this doubly linked list, there are two functions which have been declared in this
have defined.
The first function is get NewDeal, which returns a pointer to an empty list.
And the second function is a function which which allows you to add the application data to this list.
So you can see on the right hand side we have a source file and the first thing that we do in the source
file is to hash include all the header files on which the source file is dependent.
So you can see that in the source file we have actually implemented the logic of functions which were
declared in the header file.
That is, we have actually implemented the logic of that New Deal function as well as we have implemented
the logic of function.
Add data to the island so you can see that the function definition should be present in the source file,
whereas function declaration should be present in the header file.
So it is an assignment for you.
Just do not watch my Gord's start implementing your own version of Double-dealing List Library, so
you create your own high profile and source file and provide the implementation of some functions in
your library.
So of course you should try to implement more functions.
This court's assume that you are already aware of fundamentals of the link list.